Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
going to pack it. I'm Lonnie. Hey, I'm
Candace. Welcome back. I think we're
going to have a quick one today. You
think so? I do. Nothing difficult at
all. All right, let's see. Let's see if
I can get this stuff. We got places to
go. We got people to see.
We got things to do
after work.
So, I am trying to move kind of fast.
How long do we have to before you got to
roll out, Candace? About 20 minutes. How
long? About 20. Oh [snorts] my goodness.
We can do it. Oh my goodness.
>> do it.
All right.
That's probably your hardest thing right
there. You think? Yeah.
All right, it's going to be very hard.
Let's see.
Keep these together. This is a
interesting lot because
it's got
it's two hats
and
two posters and they both represent
football and
baseball championships.
One for Joe Burrow, of course.
>> For LSU, LSU. For LSU. And the other one
for Paul Skenes.
And they have a the the corresponding
poster
to go with each hat or vice versa.
Whatever you want to call it.
>> how they put their little bundle
together like that.
>> We didn't even make it up like that. We
couldn't We didn't make it that good.
But they figured it out. I like that's
pretty neat.
That's a fun little order there. I like
that. All right, let me get this in
there. There we go.
You think we're going to get them all
everything packed in your 20-minute
deadline? Oh, yeah. All right. Piece of
cake.
She said piece of cake. This one's done.
>> I might be the hold up.
Okay, we've got some makeup going out or
something. I don't know.
Some girl thing. That's all I know.
Let's see. We're going to go with
Oh man, my boxes are
a mess down here.
Crack some open. I've got some more over
there.
Candace, it's time for me You know how
like once a month I do my big
box cleansing and
sorting.
>> Yeah, I'm going to have to do that.
Yeah.
We actually have some large boxes coming
in.
Now, it just it all matter it all matter
[snorts] how how hard I try and I don't
try very hard.
After a while, everything just gets
to be a wreck in the packing shelf, so.
That's the way it goes.
I'm hoping a lot of y'all
out there are like are a lot like me in
that department.
Okay.
Boom. What we got now? Oh, there's some
more. Let's do Let's make this a double
then.
I am recording a couple of things here
on my
POV.
This looks like an 864 kind of pack.
>> [snorts]
>> Candace, we trucking. Yep. Make sure you
keep up.
I know. Pressure's on. It is.
Boom.
Ugh.
Ugh, I'm trying to hurry just a little
bit much
and I end up mishandling my tape.
All right.
GI Joe: The Rise of Cobra.
Okay.
Let's see. I'm going to go with a
1086er.
Let me do a quick resize.
Going to have to be quick cuz we're in a
hurry.
I think that figure
is just a little [snorts] too
too big
to go 864.
So, we're going 1086
with a bit of a
how you doing with the resizer.
We'll kill a little bit of this weight
cuz I can just go across. I'll show
y'all.
I can go across with
the long flaps.
Like so.
Go down like that on it.
This is not my prettiest work.
The tape kind of camouflages it.
Yeah, look at that. It's kind of That's
a little gnarly-looking. Let me get one
more.
Here, you want to catch it? Watch.
Ready?
>> Oh my gosh.
>> [laughter]
>> I think it hit the microphone. Did it?
>> So, they might have heard that one.
My um
Your audiobook is playing.
I don't know. You heard that?
>> Yeah.
Still getting used to these things,
y'all.
All right.
We done yet?
Almost. Almost?
You serious? No.
You got another one of these to do.
Another one of what?
>> [snorts]
>> Those figures? Okay.
Have you been looking forward to Fridays
lately? I have. Oh, yeah.
>> fun, aren't they? They are. All right,
what we got here? How big is this?
Converter box.
>> You're going to have two of those. Okay.
Converter box. All right, is this the
right one? Yep.
And we have one that was new open box
and we have one that was just
used.
And we're getting a
We got a 1086er here.
So, I know we have another one coming up
in a minute, too.
All right, we're going to get
This is going to be This might be a fun
one here because
well, because packing is fun, of course,
but
also
we we can do an inside resize
without using the
that big resizer. We can just do
one of these one of these numbers on it.
That's fun, huh?
Candace, would you give me a weight I'm
going to put this on the scale cuz I'm I
can't I'm still getting used to my
bifocals.
What we looking like?
>> 1.6.
Okay. So, there's no reason to take flap
No. or nothing.
Being a little reckless, y'all.
We got stuff to do.
Yep.
Think I ought to cut grass today?
>> [snorts]
>> Um I would definitely if you can, do it
before Sunday. I think it's going to
rain [snorts] Sunday. You know what?
I'll go ahead and cut grass today. I'm
in kind of
kind of in the mood.
Kind of in the mood for some solitude.
Just a bit. Dude. Yeah. What we got
here? Shoes. Shoes.
Let's pack some shoes.
How much time we got left?
2 minutes. 2 What?
Are you serious?
>> 12 minutes. Oh, man, we got this.
Did I scare you?
Scared me.
Good.
Weird box to use.
Probably could have done something else.
That's good enough.
What's next?
All right, that's enough clips.
All right, we've got another
Got you, Jeff.
Have I only hit record once on this
camera? On the
I don't know because it doesn't really
make a sound, you know.
No, that right here. Oh, yeah. Yep. Just
once? Yep. This one's a little smaller
than that other card.
Let me see.
It's still it's right at 8 in uh so
It's still going to be the same thing in
the end.
We'll shoot.
How much [snorts] more we got cuz we've
How many more items we got?
Um
two, three. Oh, okay. We got a couple.
Okay.
So, it's we're probably going to be
right at 20 minutes, huh?
Probably so.
We fit a lot of stuff into today.
We did. We've been busy.
Yeah, it's been a good day.
Went garage sale-ing this morning
till noon or so, ate lunch,
got some nice little listings up,
and filmed a filmed a video,
full video
for Shed flips, and now we got this
going on.
I think I have about three shorts to put
on. I'm going to pack it.
Uh Tik Tok.
Doing a little bit of everything today.
Yeah.
A productive day.
>> [snorts]
>> Getting ready for the garage sale
tomorrow. [snorts]
It's Friday.
I'm happy.
Ready? No.
Another one of these. I know how to Man,
1086s are popular today. Yep.
How many uh UPSs you got so far? We're
going to have one, I believe.
We always like to make sure we have one
if we can.
Yeah, we have a daily pickup, so we want
them to have a reason for coming here.
Right.
It's normally not something that we need
to uh
try to do. Normally, we just
organically
>> [snorts]
>> have them.
I would say over time though that
>> [snorts]
>> I think Ground Advantage was getting
more and more competitive. Yeah. It
seemed to be.
Unless US- UPS is getting less and less
competitive. I'm not sure.
You know, because doesn't it seem like a
lot of the stuff we used to used to make
sense
UPS ground, we were like being we were
surprised that wow, that's cheaper
Ground Advantage.
Yeah.
Ground Advantage has given us some
surprises on some of the bigger stuff
like Yeah, bigger
>> bigger boxes. Right.
>> Yeah.
It's about to give us a surprise. When
is that? Is that that like tomorrow or
something when the rates go up?
>> No, on Mercari.
No, on USPS rates, yeah.
Is that tomorrow?
>> I don't know.
I think it is.
I'm glad we're packing today then.
Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, but it's going to stay like that
for the next year.
>> I know.
>> [snorts]
>> And they say it's going to be like that
for a year, and but then, you know,
after that, there's no way it's going to
get cheaper.
>> going to go back down.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
>> [clears throat]
[snorts]
>> This is the last thing, huh? Nope.
What else we got?
Some hair stuff.
Oh, that's right. Just a tube or
something? Yeah.
Okay.
Still, this is a
We've had some some packing days where I
felt like I was not so quick.
I'm kind of glad to have a packing day
where it's nice and
pretty simple. Yep.
Those are those are good to mix in.
Tell you what's going to be interesting
packing day, y'all, is when uh
that day
that our 48-in longboard sells. I listed
this little while Oh, yeah. It's been
long and heavy.
4-ft long skateboard.
We can kind of hurry when we need to,
huh? Or when we want to. It [snorts]
helped that we didn't have any like
glassware or anything too difficult.
Isn't that nice? Yep.
Isn't it?
Don't you love it?
I do.
But I also like packing I also like
getting $100 for a few glasses as well
though, so. Last item. Okay.
Dr. Groot.
Bag it on just in case.
Sure if that's going to do well on an 8.
I think it will, maybe diagonally.
Diagonally. Diagonally.
>> [laughter]
>> You caught that, huh?
Yep.
Just thinking I was thinking about Ryan
on his videos.
What's the best way to cut a sandwich?
That's right, diagonally.
That's the thing for him. He thinks
It tastes better.
He thinks there's something to that. I
kind of agree, I think. You know why?
Why? Wait, let me think about this
before I say.
No, that's not why.
If you cut it in half, then you have
four you have eight corners. I can't
wait to hear this, y'all. If you cut it
diagonally,
you only have six corners.
Are we making the assumption that
corners are a bad thing?
>> When you bite into a sandwich, don't you
like to get the corner
instead of like in the middle of the
piece?
So, you want more corners? Yeah. So, you
don't like diagonally.
Cuz you have you have fewer corners with
diagonal.
>> Actually, you know what I like to do?
Cut my sandwich in in quarters. She
does. She's She wants to have a little
little toothpick in them.
You do. A lot of times I'll fix a
sandwich and I'm eating on the road like
going to pick Molly up or something, so
I put them in little bitty squares.
That's it. Uh 18 minutes, 43 sec- 44
sec- 45 seconds. I'm looking at the time
now.
>> to spare.
Thanks a bunch for watching. We'll see
y'all again very soon. Bye, y'all. Bye.